Over the years, humanity has developed in many directions. And the further we move in time, the brighter and more incredible discoveries, inventions, and improvements become in what was created relatively recently, in what has survived for many years of evolution and continues to exist to this day. And if we look back, we will be surprised at how quickly the world of technology is evolving. It is growing at a faster rate than any other science and takes less time to spread widely than ever before, for example, it took about 10,000 years from writing to the printing press, and only about 500 years to e-mail. In the present circumstances, it seems that we are on the verge of a new age that will turn everything we know about the modern world. And its name is the age of A.I. Let's take a look at the definition.

Artificial intelligence (AI) refers to the computer simulation of human intelligence in machines programmed to think like humans and mimic their actions. The term can equally be applied to any computing machine that exhibits traits associated with the human mind, like learning and problem-solving.

What does it mean? You and I are alike in that we do not completely or in principle do not understand all the intricacies of this technology. Although there are tons of engineers working on this all over the world, and their number is only growing, right? Most ordinary people don't know much about this and can not come up with a few words to somehow describe it, although the Internet is full of data and opinions on this matter. In any case, I strongly believe in the saying that the best way to learn about a subject is to teach it to others. As a result, I think now is the time to open this Pandora's Box and debunk some of the common misconceptions about supposedly complex things that we thought we didn't understand, but probably will soon. Terms like «machine learning», «algorithms», «computer vision», and «big data» will be conveniently unpacked to help each of us feel like we fully understand what we are talking about.